c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\bin\Debug\EdytorXML_New.exe
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\bin\Debug\EdytorXML_New.pdb
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\bin\Debug\EdytorXML_New.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\Start.g.i.cs
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\Start.g.cs
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\Start.xaml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\EdytorXML_New.exe
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\EdytorXML_New.pdb
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\Opis.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\Opis.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EdytorXML_New\EdytorXML_New\obj\Debug\Opis.xaml
